Justin Heideman 
3038 13th Ave South, Apt 10, Minneapolis, MN 55407 
612.386.9022 
justin@fiddlyio.com 
www.fiddlyio.com

OBEJECTIVE 
-- 
Seeking employment in the field of new media, web and information
integration design.


EDUCATION 
-- 
1999 - 2004 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design, Minneapolis, MN 
BFA: Interactive Media, Cumulative GPA 3.69

2000 Milwaukee Area Technical College, Milwaukee, WI 
Course work in Programming, Business Management and Network Design.


WORK EXPERIENCE 
--

2005
Minneapolis College of Art and Design, Minneapolis, MN
Adjunct Professor
Teaching one class, Advanced Interactive Programming, focusing on general
programming concepts taught within the Macromedia Director environment. 
Additional coursework focuses on developing interactive video taught 
within the Max / MSP environment.


2001 - Present 
Minneapolis College of Art and Design, Minneapolis, MN
Academic Systems Administrator
Responsible for server and workstation administration including updating
and maintaining hardware and software. Developed web authoring tools
to enable students to easily create an online portfolio. Organized and 
deployed MacOS 9 and OS X throughout the college with the construction 
of a web based inventory and computer management tool.


Spring 2005
Minneapolis College of Art and Design, Minneapolis, MN
Adjunct Faculty, Design
Instructed an upper-level special topics class Advanced Interactive 
Programming.  Ten weeks of the class was spent on Lingo within 
Macromedia Director and five weeks were spent on interactive video 
within Max/MSP.


2004
Fallon Worldwide, Minneapolis, MN
Developed and produced web sites and web based advertising for a range of
clients and project types. Audited  design standards of competitors 
sites.  Performed various aspects of multimedia production. 


2002 - 2004
MCAD DesignWorks, Minneapolis, MN 
Designer and Developer
Designed and implemented complete web based project management system.
Assist designers with technical issues and consult on web and interactive 
related projects. Lead large scale interactive performance based project 
with a group of 25 other designers.


AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
--
2004
Speaker, Eleventh International Literacy and Education Research Network 
Conference on Learning, Havana, Cuba

2003 
Speaker, Profile Intermedia 6, Bremen, Germany

2003 
Winner, Made at MCAD Show, MCAD Main Gallery

2003 
Selected Work, Experimental Typography Poster Show, MCAD 3rd Floor Gallery

2002, 2003 
Selected Work, Annual Poster Design Show, MCAD 2nd Floor Gallery

2003 
Honorable Mention, Minnesota AIGA Portfolio One-on-One


OTHER EXPERIENCE 
-- 

MCAD Students in Design / AIGA President 
Organized an open student group of designers to create a dialogue about 
design and education. Set up fund raising, social events, exhibitions and 
trips with and without assistance from the AIGA.

MCAD Student Advisory Council Design Representative 
Represented the MCAD Design Department  to the student government and 
the board of trustees.

Lingo Club Organizer 
Organized and fostered a group of interactive media students, assisting 
with projects, organizing exhibitions and giving demonstrations.


TECHNICAL KNOWLEDGE 
-- 

Skilled in web design and development techniques, scripting technologies,
both client and server side, and related programs. Experienced with video 
and interactive video environments. Skilled in print based design as well
as translating print to the web and vice versa.  Knowledgeable in UNIX 
scripting and client / server management tools.